Add new property to Teams App Settings. (#20045)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/teamsappsettings-update.md

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |allowUserRequestsForAppAccess|BooleanIndicates whether Teams users are allowed to request admins access to certain Teams apps.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|allowUserRequestsForAppAccess|Boolean|Indicates whether Teams users are allowed to request admins access to certain Teams apps.|
```

> |allowUserRequestsForAppAccess|Boolean|Indicates whether Teams users are allowed to request admins for access to certain Teams Apps.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|allowUserRequestsForAppAccess|BooleanIndicates whether Teams users are allowed to request admins access to certain Teams apps.|
```
